Adding pytest integration (#1403)
deepchecks/deepchecks: docs/source/user-guide/integrations/pytest.rst

======

> pytest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pytest
```

======

This tutorial demonstrates how deepchecks can be used inside unit tests performed on data or model, with the pytest
framework.

> We will use the ``diabetes`` dataset from scikit-learn, and check whether certain columns does not contain drift

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We will use the ``diabetes`` dataset from scikit-learn, and check whether certain columns contain drift
```

Reviewer: +1

between the training and the test sets.

.. code-block:: python

    import pytest
    from sklearn.datasets import load_diabetes
    from sklearn.model_selection import train_test_split

    from deepchecks import Dataset
    from deepchecks.tabular.checks import TrainTestFeatureDrift

> Defining PyTest Fixtures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defining Pytest Fixtures
```

-------------------------

pytest fixtures provide a defined, reliable and consistent context for the tests. This could include environment (for
example a database configured with known parameters) or content (such as a dataset).
In this tutorial we will define a fixture that load the ``diabetes`` dataset from scikit-learn.

.. code-block:: python

    @pytest.fixture(scope='session')
    def diabetes_df():
        diabetes = load_diabetes(return_X_y=False, as_frame=True).frame
        return diabetes

Implementing the Test
-----------------------

> Now, we will implement a test that will check if some columns in the dataset are not drifting between the training and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, we will implement a test that will check if some columns in the dataset have drifted between the train and test datasets.
```
